# Nitro experiment

## Setting up

1. Download the custom server SDK from <https://dev.facetec.com/configuration-wizard?platform=custom-server>, extract it into `facetec-sdk`.
    - Wizard config
        - MongoDB
        - No debug logging
        - SFTP usage logs
        - No postman init
2. On `facetec-sdk/facetec_usage_logs_server/config.yml`, set the `sftpConfig.privateKey` field to the right key (that needs to have been configured in FaceTec beforehand).
2. Add your ssh key to `terraform/terraform.tfvars`.
2. Apply the terraform in the `terraform` folder. You'll need to `aws configure sso` and choose the `nitro-enclave` account.
3. Run `bash sync_instance.sh` from root dir.
4. `ssh ec2-user@"$(cd terraform; terraform output -raw ec2_public_ip)" bash custom-server/build.ash`
4. `ssh ec2-user@"$(cd terraform; terraform output -raw ec2_public_ip)" sudo reboot`
4. `ssh ec2-user@"$(cd terraform; terraform output -raw ec2_public_ip)" bash custom-server/run.ash`

This should boot the enclave in debug mode and stream its stdout.

> âš ï¸ðŸ’¸ Warning ðŸ’¸âš ï¸
>
> The needed instance type to get this running is pretty expensive (because we need a lot of memory to build and run the EIF). Don't let it idle mindlessly.

## Remaining TODOs

### Didn't even think about it yet
- Revisit the code changes we did in prior years to make Popeye work, and see if we want/need to forklift something into here.

### Annoyances
- There's a couple of places with `#SSH#` that were left in this repo just in case we need to debug stuff inside the enclave. This is not meant to be shipped.
- The current setup doesn't include the frontend. That's ok for the target end result, but it makes it clunky to test end-to-end.
- Terraform state is local. This is ok while it's only one person messing around, but we might need to upgrade it to a normal setup.
- This PoC is using Amazon Linux 2, and not 2023, just because that's what the initial code generated by AI had. We should totally use AL 2023.
- The image building process is very close to FaceTec's original, which has a lot of room for improvement.

### Labor needed
- We're using hard-coded credentials for docdb. These should be gotten from Secrets Manager.
- Add TLS termination inside the enclave (get a cert from ACM and use socat or equivalent).
- Encrypt the stuff we put on mongo with a KMS key. Use FLE: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/field-level-encryption.html
